The Sea Chute: A Science Fiction Odyssey by Schuyler DeVos

TIME: The far future, the year 20 years after the construction of the Sea Chute.
PLACE: The Oval Office, the office of the President.

"Mr. President, I have bad news," said the world's top scientist through the red phone in the oval office. It was the news the president had never hoped to hear. "It's the sea chute."

"Impossible," shouted the president angrily into his red phone. "The sea chute is perfect. It was and continues to be the pinnacle of engineering - The 8th wonder of the world! It is a technological marvel and will continue to be so far into the future and beyond that, even! There is never anything that could be wrong with the sea chute."

"Please, let me explain," said the world's top scientist. "As you know, Mr. President, the sea chute was constructed twenty years ago. It was to be the salvation of the planet."

"Yes," said the the president, "I know this."

"As you recall, the sea chute is connected to the home of everyone in the world. People put their garbage into the sea chute, and it goes out to the sea and all the garbage goes with it through the sea chute out into the sea. We built it because people were so tired of their garbage and never wanted to see it again."

"Yes," said the president. "I remember this like it was yesterday. How could I forget the unbridled joy on the face of every person on this Earth on the day when we finally finished construction of the sea chute? It goes underground, so people won't even have to see their garbage going to the sea. The sea chute made everyone happy. The sea chute has united the people of the world. What could be wrong with the sea chute?"

"It's the Mariana Trench, Mr. President," explained the world's top scientist. "The Mariana Trench is full. Full - of garbage."
2 DAYS EARLIER: 
Mrs. Gentleson was an 80 year old woman. Ever since the introduction of the Sea Chute into her life, she was a woman of changed fortune. Before, the sight of her garbage every day of her life moved her to abject frustration and horrible stress. But at 60 years of age her problems had all gone away - away into the sea. 

Now, however, her world had changed again, and not for the better. The Sea Chute was blocked. When she went to put her garbage into the Sea Chute, it did not go anywhere. In fact, it stayed right where it was.

2 DAYS AND TWENTY MINUTES LATER:
"Why would we care about the Mariana Trench?!" screamed the President. "The Mariana Trench is deep and far away, and the citizens of the world are here with us right now. The Mariana Trench has done us no favors. Forget about the Mariana Trench and its deep, dark secrets."

"No, Mr. President. It is even worse than that. It is the mer-people, Mr. President," continued the world's top scientist. "All the garbage that has been flowing into the sea from our beautiful Sea Chute - the world's 8th wonder - has awakened the mer-people and filled them with a terrible resolve. Their response has been swift and merciless: they have been picking up the very biggest rocks they can find and putting them into the Sea Chute. The Sea Chute has been blocked off and suddenly people cannot send their garbage anywhere, much less into the sea."

"What a horrible metaphor this is!" shouted the President. "What a horrible metaphor this is for World War II!"

5 DAYS EARLIER, IN THE MARIANA TRENCH:
His Majesty King Horgg was the supreme ruler of the mer-people and former king of Atlantis, an amazing and enigmatic city hidden deep within the black darkness of the Mariana Trench. For thousands of years he had ruled over his beautiful, shining city, an 8th wonder of the mer-world, with justice and respect, beloved by his citizens as a the perfect monarch. But twenty years ago, everything had suddenly changed - changed forever.

It began slowly: at first, his citizens started finding bottle caps and right handed gloves in their backyards and on top of their roofs, without a clue as to how they had ended up there. Occasionally, someone would catch a jacket with a missing button floating down from out of the deep darkness, but these things were taken in stride. Then, chaos struck.

It came in the night, when most of the mer-people were asleep: a giant wave of garbage, a massive, horrendous tsunami of garbage, a terrible eruption of garbage that rivaled in its intensity the eruption of Vesuvius, swept down upon the beautiful city of Atlantis, vomited forth from the sea chute - the world's eighth wonder - and destroyed the city in a single night. Thousands of lives were lost: King Horgg's own wife was crushed to death, caught while trying to flee under a huge collection of broken disco balls, and often afterwards he woke up in a cold sweat remembering her horrified face reflected within a thousand glimmering facets of light.

But now had come the day of reckoning, and as King Horgg stood upon the precipice where once had stood the beautiful city of Atlantis, he felt his heart swell within his chest.

"Wonderful mer-people!" he shouted to the thousands of mer-folk in front of him, the surviviors of the Atlantean tragedy, "finally we will serve righteous retribution to those who laid waste to our city and slaughtered our kin! For twenty years we have gathered together only the very biggest rocks we could find; only the very biggest, most massive rocks there are here in this deep dark trench, and now our task is finally complete! Never could I have even imagined, let alone witnessed, such a mind-bogglingly voluminous collection of massive rocks all gathered together in one place. But I see much more than rocks, my friends: what I see is no less than the destruction of humanity!"

King Horgg signaled to his lieutenant, Horg, to begin the operation. Soon entire teams of mer-people were hauling up the massive rocks and placing them into the entrance of the sea chute, blocking it off bit by bit. As the pile of rocks shrank, King Horgg's satisfaction grew. Soon, he knew, humanity would come face to face with their hubris. Their hubris.... and their garbage.

6 DAYS LATER:

The Sea Chute had been out of commission for almost one whole day, and society had collapsed. People were running around in front of the white house, punching each other and the wild packs of vicious dogs that were also running around in front of the white house as well, foaming and digging through the rapidly accumulating piles of garbage that had long since started pouring out of people's houses.


LADIES AND GENTLEMAN!
After several weeks of intense naval battles with Sea Shepherd following round one of the Big Business Decathlon, it’s the moment you’ve all been waiting for: Round Two of the Big Business Decathlon! 
Last round we tested our contestant’s Business Acumen, or BA, by having them sell life insurance policies to whales. This round, however, we wanted to explore a different aspect of business management, so we had our contestants show us their interpersonal skills. That’s right! In this round of the business decathlon, all of our contestants will be officiating marriages!
Another important aspect of businesship is, of course, frugality, and so to save money after the loss of half our business fleet, we have decided to use the same couple for all nine contestants. The wedding took place on the S.S. Bisuness during a tropical cruise in The Bahamas, and the contestants came out one at a time to bind two people together in wonderful matrimony. After each of the vows, we had the parents rate how poignant and wonderful the memories of the wedding would be ten years from now on a scale of one to ten. 
But as they say in the land of business, “things don’t always go as well as you expect them to when you’re officiating business mergers or weddings, variously”! 
The wedding got off to a good start with the wedding address of Dr. X, who gave a moving speech with several touching passages straight from key points in the Avesta ruminating on the nature of Ahura Mazda and Ahriman. While deeply moving, however, his eulogy was ultimately not well received by the evangelical Christian parents. Dr. X received only 3 points out of a possible 10.
Roland Davidson did significantly better, comparing the young couple’s new love to a sturdy wall built from mortar and Bricks n’ Tricks Building Company Brand Building Bricks. The Ghost of John D. Rockefeller also did comparatively well by taking a novel approach and eschewing a traditional speech entirely and throwing huge piles of cash at all the wedding attendees in complete silence.
Just as Ashton Arthur was about to mount the stage and officiate the wedding, however, the wedding ceremony was completely disrupted when a school of several orcas, led by the previously KIA Lucy-Lou, leapt out of the water, landed on the deck of the S.S. Business and started devouring the attendees. Even while missing an arm and an eye Lucy-Lou managed to backflip up to the stage, broke Asthon Arthur’s neck, and tossed his body in amongst the ravenous whales. What a turnaround, business friends!
Sadly, everyone at the wedding was devoured in short order, and we were unable to see how Lucy-Lou’s performance was rated. But it just goes to show: with business, every new day is an adventure! 
Tune in soon to see the next event of the business decathlon! Until next time, business buddies! STAY BUSINESS!

Well well well, businessboys and businessgirls! The first round of the Biggest Business competition occurred late last night, in the freezing cold waters of the Arctic Ocean. As we all know, any true lover and practitioner of business must exude an aura of charisma and confidence, even in the most difficult and strenuous of circumstances.
Therefore, our contestants were suited up in diving suits and sent into the cold, black waters of the Arctic Ocean in order to demonstrate their business skills - by selling life insurance to blue whales!
It is common knowledge that blue whales are among the longest lived creatures on the planet, and have almost no natural predators. This makes them notoriously hard to sell life insurance to: studies have shown that the worldwide migratory patterns of the blue whale evolved specifically to avoid life insurance salesman, and accordingly scientists have not yet been able to find even a single blue whale with a working doorbell.
We know what you really want, though: the results! How did our contestants do?!
The ten snakes in a business suit were able to effectively split up and target multiple whales at the same time. Additionally, their lack of legs created an easy way to generate camaraderie with the whales; consequently, they were able to sell more policies than the competitors.
The Ghost of John D. Rockefeller, being composed entirely of ectoplasm, had no need for a diving suit, and being able to converse face to face with the whales resulted in an appearance of sincerity that ultimately worked out well in his favor, landing him second place.
Not all contestants did so well, however. Milo the Big Business Baby threw a tantrum when the first whale did not agree to buy any policies, and had to be removed back to the ship: Milo sold zero life insurance policies.
Finally, Lucy-Lou has suffered a horrible fate. While attempting to persuade one particularly ill-mannered whale, Lucy-Lou and the whale were attacked by orcas, the only natural predator of the blue whale. Both Lucy-Lou and the whale were dragged deep into the waters of the Arctic Ocean, and as a result we are down to nine contestants.

THAT'S ALL FOR TODAY, BUSINESSFRIENDS. STAY TUNED FOR OUR NEXT CHALLENGE IN THE BIG! BUSINESS! COMPETITION!

Businesspeople everywhere, I am proud to announce that today is the start of the 27th annual Big Business decathlon! Ten of the biggest business titans will be risking their lives competing for the ultimate prize of The Biggest Business! Even now they prepare to diversify their portfolio like never before.
Here are our big business contenders!
1. Milo the Big Business Baby
2. Lucy and Lou, the Business Twins
3. Lucy-Lou, Corporate Raider
4. Lou C., Corporate Espionage Business Spy
5. Tiberius, Roman Emperor 
6. Ten Snakes in a Business Suit
7. Roland Davidson, CEO of Bricks n’ Tricks Building Company
8. Dr. X
9. The Ghost of John D. Rockefeller
10. Ashton Arthur

Who will emerge being the winner of business, business followers? Who holds your allegiance? Only later in time will tell! Stay tuned for the thrills and chills of BIG BUSINESS!

ART I
It is an ancient businessman,
And he stoppeth one of three.
‘By thy business beard and business eye,
Now wherefore stopp'st thou me?

The corporate’s doors are opened wide,
And I am associate;
The clients are met, 
the business set:
May'st hear the merry din.’
He holds him with his business hand,
'There was a corporation,’ quoth he.
'Hold off! unhand me, grey-beard business!
'Eftsoons his hand dropt he.
He holds him with his business eye—
The associate stood still,
And listens like a business child:
The business hath his will.
The associate sat on a briefcase:
He cannot choose but hear;
And thus spake on that business man,
The bright-eyed business boy.
'The corporation was cheered, 
the parking lot cleared,
Merrily did we drop
Below the BUSINESS, below the hill,
Below the BUSINESS BUSINESS.
The CEO came up upon the left,
Out of the sea came he!
And he shone bright, and on the right
Went down into the sea.
Higher and higher every day,
Till over the street at noon—
'The associate here beat his breast,
For he heard the business meeting beginning and he didn’t want to be late for that.
The PowerPoint hath paced into the hall,
Red as a rose is she;
Nodding their heads before her goes
The business people all.
The associate he beat his breast,
Yet he cannot choose but hear;
And thus spake on that business boy,
The bright-eyed businessman.
And now the BUY OUT came, and it
Was tyrannous and strong:
it struck with his o'ertaking wings,
And chased us south along.
With sloping dollars and dipping stocks,
As who pursued with yell and blow
Still treads the shadow of his foe,
And forward bends his head,
The corporation drove fast, loud roared the blast,
And southward aye we fled.
And now there came both mergers and contracts,
And it grew wondrous cold:
And stacks of dollars, mast-high, came floating by,
As green as emerald.
And through the drifts the business clifts
Did send a dismal sheen:
Nor shapes of men nor beasts we ken—
The cash was all between.
The cash was here, the cash was there,
The cash was all around:
It rippled and swooshed, and roared and howled,
Like noises in a swound!
At length did cross an accountant,
Thorough the cash it came;
As if it had been a business soul,
We hailed it in God’s name.
It balanced the books it ne'er had balanced,
And round and round it flew.
The cash did split with a thunder-fit;
The CEO steered us through!
And a good south wind sprung up behind;
The accountant did follow
,And every day, for food or play,
Came to the corporation’s hollo!
In mist or cloud, on mast or shroud,
It perched for vespers nine;
Whiles all the night, through fog-smoke white,
Glimmered the white Moon-shine.’
'God save thee, ancient businessman!
From the taxes, that plague thee thus!
—Why look'st thou so?’
—With my cross-bow I shot the accountant.









